Update TS Challenges (#47)
Contrast-Security-OSS/join-the-team: challenges.md

<a href="images/react-project-mock.png" title="Loose mock up of how it should look. ">
<img src="images/react-project-mock.png" alt="Loose mock up of how it should look. "></a>

## Java Backend Engineer
As part of this project, we would like for you to build a simple, yet elegant Spring backend application that would serve data to an imaginary UI that visualizes a security intelligence data feed (vulnerabilities or threat intelligence data). 

> Requirements
> * Spring Framework
> * Handle API Requests
> * Store and Retrieves Data
> * Unit Test

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Requirements
* Uses the Spring Framework
* Handles API requests for main functionality
* Stores and retrieves data from a data source of your choice
* Appropriate test coverage of main functionality (some combination of unit/component/integration tests recommended)
```
